.TH abxhttpd "1" "November, 2022" "Abxhttpd/2.0.3" "Abxhttpd Manual"

.ds n 5
.SH NAME
\fBabxhttpd\fR - CLI tool of Abxhttpd
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBabxhttpd -[option][value] ...\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Abxhttpd is a tiny cross-platform http server developed with C++. 
You can use Abxhttpd to set up your own website so that everyone on Internet can access your shared resources. 
You can also use libxhttpd, a component of Abxhttpd, as an independent http library, building your own C++ network program.
.PP 
When you invoke abxhttpd with command line, it normally does binding address and processing http request, 
and it usually gives \fIno\ message\fR if it has been set successfully.
You can control the progress by passing several options.
.PP
Generally, Abxhttpd accepts \fIshort\ argument\fR such as -[option][value] or -[option] [value], where option is usually a single character, 
and we will give detailed information in the following section. Abxhttpd will support configuration file in the next version.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
Here is a summary of all the options. Explanations are in the following sections.
.PP
\fBOverall Options\fR
.PP
\fBabxhttpd -[46dghmV] [-b bind IP] [-c internal core] [-D root directory] [-e error log file] [-l log file] [-p port] [-T thread count] [-v[c] verbose grade] \fR
.LP
\fBIP Family\fR
.IP -4
Specify IP version is IPv4 (No value)
.IP -6
Specify IP version is IPv6 (No value)
.IP "-b \fIIP\ Address\fR"
Specify bind IP (Valid IP address, exp: 127.0.0.1(v4) or ::1(v6))
.IP "-p \fIPort\fR"
Specify bind Port (Integer: 1-65535)
.LP
\fBCLI Family\fR
.IP -V
Show version information (No value)
.IP -m
Show installed core and modules (No value)
.IP -h
Show help list (No value)
.IP -g
Start GUI (No value)
.IP "-v[c] \fIVerbose\ grade\fR"
Set verbose grade, and detailed message whose grade under it will be printed, and c option means printing colorful message (Integer: 1-500)
.LP
\fBControl Family\fR
.IP "-D \fIDirectory\fR" 
Set website root directory (Valid directory, exp: C:\\Users\\Administrator)
.IP "-c \fICorename\fR" 
Set internal core (Valid corename, printed by -m, exp: DefaultHttpdCore)
.IP "-T \fIThread\ count\fR"
Set how many threads program will use (Integer: 1-4294967296, limited by your OS)
.IP "-l \fInormal\ log\ file\fR"
Set normal log file (Valid file path, exp: C:\\Users\\Administrator\\logs\\access.log)
.IP "-e \fIerror\ log\ file\fR"
Set error log file (Valid file path, exp: C:\\Users\\Administrator\\logs\\error.log)
.IP -d
Start program as deamon (No value, need -l and -e arguments)



.SH BUGS
Bug report link: \fIhttps://github.com/Aliebc/abxhttpd/issues\fR

.SH AUTHOR
Please see: \fIhttps://github.com/Aliebc/abxhttpd/graphs/contributors\fR

.SH FOOTNOTES
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2022 The Abxhttpd Group.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free
Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. You can get the license in project directory.
.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
.PP
Thank you for using abxhttpd! We know that there are many similar productions which are better than ours,
but completing this project is helpful for us and we hope our production can help you. 
We sincerely hope you can give us suggestions.